content/projects.md, before:

---
title: "My Projects"
date: 2022-10-03T00:04:26+01:00
draft: false
---

This page is a "living" list of my projects. You can use the table of contents to navigate to different projects. 

![Person on a laptop and a website image above them](/Freelance-Design-Banner.png)

## Freelance Design

Originally trading as "Kai Tebay Design", I started my own UX and UI design business. 

### Portfolio

> **RosyRetro® eCommerce**

Coming soon!

---

> **Lifestyle Blog Template**

![Minimalist lifestyle blog template](/Lifestyle-Blog-Showcase.jpg)

[`PDF`](https://drive.proton.me/urls/H7G7HCQK24#cP4BgNZ5ts7e)

> 🍂 - A Hi-Fi prototype for a sleek, content-focused blog

---

> **Notion Dashboard**

![Minimalist Notion dashboard with light and dark theme](/Notion-Dashboard-Showcase.jpg)

<a href="/Notion-Dashboard.png">`PNG (Overview)`</a> | [Website](https://adhesive-estimate-297.notion.site/Index-e8ba1efe6efa45afa2d3411b135abaaf)

> 💭 - A minimalist personal and project management dashboard, built entirely in Notion. 

It features 
- a sensible base, ready for database integration; 
- a streamlined and user-focused task-management design, based on [Bullet Journalling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullet_journal) and, optionally, tight integration with [Todoist](https://todoist.com/);
- and a flexible management dashboard, appropriate for small businesses or individual projects.
- It comes in black, too.

---

### Experience

- Standards
    - [Humane Design](https://humanebydesign.com/)
    - [Responsive Design](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Responsive_Design)

- Preferred Tools
    - [Excalidraw](https://excalidraw.com/) - diagrams and wire-frames (experienced).
    - [Figma](https://www.figma.com/) - prototypes (proficient).
    - [GIMP](https://www.gimp.org/) - image manipulation (proficient).
    - [Notion](https://notion.so) - collaboration and project management (experienced).
    - A variety of [open source](https://opensourcedesign.net/resources/) resources from talented people across the web.

![Illustration of a person sitting on a ball with a symbol above their head](/Academic-Research-Banner.png)

## Academic Research

**BA Philosophy, University of Bristol**

I specialized in Philosophy of Science (particularly Physics, including Quantum Mechanics and Special and General Relativity), and completed additional extended research on Neuroscience and Meditation, and the Ethics of State Surveillance.

I also co-authored original research:

> Fryer, J. & K. Tebay. (2021) "Bridging the Gap between Ethical Holism and the Animal Liberation Movement", *BILT Journal in Philosophy*. Bristol: University of Bristol.
    
[`PDF`](https://bilt.online/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/Bridging-the-Gap-between-Ethical-Holism-and-the-Animal-Liberation-Movement-Fryer-and-Tebay.pdf) | [Publication](https://bristol.ac.uk/bilt/student-engagement/student-research-journal/202021-student-research-journal/philosophy/)

During my degree, and aside from my independent research, institutional access to cutting-edge research let me access inspiring new ideas. Many of them helped to shape my values and further pursuits. Since then, I've been passionate about the aim of open education.

Commit message:

Added Privacy Guides section in projects.md

content/projects.md, after:

---
title: "My Projects"
date: 2022-10-03T00:04:26+01:00
draft: false
---

This page is a "living" list of my projects. You can use the table of contents to navigate to different projects. 

![Person standing in front of a page next to a green lock symbol](/Privacy-Guides-Banner.jpg)

## Privacy Guides

[Privacy Guides](https://privacyguides.org) is an open source project which provides up-to-date, evidence-based information that helps you [protect yourself online](https://www.privacyguides.org/#why-should-i-care).

While I work towards the [CompTIA A+](https://www.comptia.org/certifications/a) certification, I leverage my academic background to contribute. 

Generally, I aim to

- review cutting-edge research, to maintain awareness of emerging technologies and best-practices;
- review written content, to ensure the professional tone that Privacy Guides readers expect;
- contribute ideas and technical input to internal discussions;
- and, most importantly, advocate for digital freedoms!

![Person on a laptop and a website image above them](/Freelance-Design-Banner.png)

## Freelance Design

Originally trading as "Kai Tebay Design", I started a freelance UX and UI design business. 

### Portfolio

> **RosyRetro® eCommerce**

Coming soon!

---

> **Lifestyle Blog Template**

![Minimalist lifestyle blog template](/Lifestyle-Blog-Showcase.jpg)

[`PDF`](https://drive.proton.me/urls/H7G7HCQK24#cP4BgNZ5ts7e)

> 🍂 - A Hi-Fi prototype for a sleek, content-focused blog

---

> **Notion Dashboard**

![Minimalist Notion dashboard with light and dark theme](/Notion-Dashboard-Showcase.jpg)

<a href="/Notion-Dashboard.png">`PNG (Overview)`</a> | [Website](https://adhesive-estimate-297.notion.site/Index-e8ba1efe6efa45afa2d3411b135abaaf)

> 💭 - A minimalist personal and project management dashboard, built entirely in Notion. 

It features 
- a sensible base, ready for database integration; 
- a streamlined and user-focused task-management design, based on [Bullet Journalling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullet_journal) and, optionally, tight integration with [Todoist](https://todoist.com/);
- and a flexible management dashboard, appropriate for small businesses or individual projects.
- It comes in black, too.

---

### Experience

- Standards
    - [Humane Design](https://humanebydesign.com/)
    - [Responsive Design](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Responsive_Design)

- Preferred Tools
    - [Excalidraw](https://excalidraw.com/) - diagrams and wire-frames (experienced).
    - [Figma](https://www.figma.com/) - prototypes (proficient).
    - [GIMP](https://www.gimp.org/) - image manipulation (proficient).
    - [Notion](https://notion.so) - collaboration and project management (experienced).
    - A variety of [open source](https://opensourcedesign.net/resources/) resources from talented people across the web.

![Illustration of a person sitting on a ball with a symbol above their head](/Academic-Research-Banner.png)

## Academic Research

**BA Philosophy, University of Bristol**

I specialized in Philosophy of Science (particularly Physics, including Quantum Mechanics and Special and General Relativity), and completed additional extended research on Neuroscience and Meditation, and the Ethics of State Surveillance.

I also co-authored original research:

> Fryer, J. & K. Tebay. (2021) "Bridging the Gap between Ethical Holism and the Animal Liberation Movement", *BILT Journal in Philosophy*. Bristol: University of Bristol.
    
[`PDF`](https://bilt.online/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/Bridging-the-Gap-between-Ethical-Holism-and-the-Animal-Liberation-Movement-Fryer-and-Tebay.pdf) | [Publication](https://bristol.ac.uk/bilt/student-engagement/student-research-journal/202021-student-research-journal/philosophy/)

During my degree, and aside from my independent research, institutional access to cutting-edge research let me access inspiring new ideas. Many of them helped to shape my values and further pursuits. Since then, I've been passionate about the aim of open education.
